src/data/about.md, before:

## Python Developer

As a seasoned technical leader with expertise in render operations, software development, and visual effects, I am passionate about creating exceptional digital content. With a strong background in team management, communication, and problem-solving, I have consistently delivered results in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. My experience ranges from game development and visual effects to leading cross-functional teams and mentoring new talent. As a continuous learner, I am always seeking new challenges and opportunities to innovate and push boundaries. I thrive in collaborative, dynamic environments where creativity, innovation, and excellence are valued.

<br>## WORK EXPERIENCE

**Ingenuity Studios Inc.** • 11/2021 - Present

**Technical Lead - Render Operations**

- Played an essential role in backend design for the creation/overhaul of our pipeline, in collaboration with our Development Team.
- Hired, trained, and managed a team of Wranglers to provide better support to the studio.
- Facilitated the priorities of over 50+ teams and projects to ensure transparency and accurate delivery times to clients.
- Directed and implemented improvements to Deadline, Amazon Thinkbox's render management solution, and its communication with Shotgrid and our pipeline.
- Led team-learning sessions to cultivate the technical growth of our new department.

**Technical Artist - Render Farm**

- Created a suite of tools to quickly resolve farm-wide issues, save artists' time by automating essential processes, and optimize the output of the farm.
- Established the role and duties of Render Wrangler at a rapidly-growing studio and pioneered efforts to document common issues both on and off the farm.
- Honed troubleshooting skills to assist the Support and Dev Teams solve DCC and pipeline issues troubling artists.

**Texas A&M University** • 01/2021 - 05/2021

**Technical Director - Unreal Engine**

- Created an animation using Unreal Engine for the 2022 Rotary International Convention.

**Graduate Teaching Assistant**

- Helped students learn PyMEL through help sessions where I assist in their weekly challenges.

**Learning Interactive Visualization Experience (LIVE) Lab** • 10/2020 - 02/2021

**Visual Effects Artist**

- Created a destruction sim and composite for TAMU Health's Disaster Day, the nation's largest student-led interprofessional emergency response simulation.

<br>## EDUCATION

**Masters of Design (Study Abroad) in Procedural Art and Visual Storytelling**
Victoria University of Wellington • 01/2020 - 08/2020
Had the opportunity to learn from the brilliant minds of Weta Digital for my study abroad.

**Master of Visualization (Unfinished) in Arts, Entertainment, and Media Management**
Texas A&M University • 09/2020 - 05/2021
Left early to pursue a career.

**Minor in Computer Science**
Texas A&M University • 01/2016 - 01/2020

**Bachelor of Science - BS in Visualization**
Texas A&M University

<br>## CERTIFICATIONS

**Procedural Modeling for Production in Houdini**
CG Master Academy - Sean McEwan • 10/2021 - 11/2021

**VEX in Houdini**
CG Master Academy - Johannes Richter • 10/2021 - 12/2021

<br>## SKILLS

Houdini, Nuke, Autodesk Shotgun, Thinkbox Deadline, Unreal Engine, Team Management, Unity, Communication, C#, Visual Studio, Python

Commit message:

updated visuals and added more deets to projects and trying to fix blog

src/data/about.md, after:

## Python Developer

A passionate and experienced Technical Lead in Render Operations with a robust background in procedural art, visual storytelling, and computer science. Currently spearheading backend design initiatives at Ingenuity Studios Inc., overseeing pipeline overhaul, managing a team of Wranglers, and facilitating the successful delivery of 50+ projects. Proven expertise in creating effective tools to resolve technical issues and streamline operations. Prior professional experiences include serving as a Technical Director at Texas A&M University, where I produced an animation using Unreal Engine for an international event. Holds certifications in Procedural Modeling and VEX in Houdini from the CG Master Academy. I bring forth a diverse skill set including Houdini, Nuke, Autodesk Shotgun, Thinkbox Deadline, Unreal Engine, Unity, and Python, coupled with strong team management and communication skills.

<br>## WORK EXPERIENCE

**Ingenuity Studios Inc.** • 11/2021 - Present

**Technical Lead - Render Operations**

- Played an essential role in backend design for the creation/overhaul of our pipeline, in collaboration with our Development Team.
- Hired, trained, and managed a team of Wranglers to provide better support to the studio.
- Facilitated the priorities of over 50+ teams and projects to ensure transparency and accurate delivery times to clients.
- Directed and implemented improvements to Deadline, Amazon Thinkbox's render management solution, and its communication with Shotgrid and our pipeline.
- Led team-learning sessions to cultivate the technical growth of our new department.

**Technical Artist - Render Farm**

- Created a suite of tools to quickly resolve farm-wide issues, save artists' time by automating essential processes, and optimize the output of the farm.
- Established the role and duties of Render Wrangler at a rapidly-growing studio and pioneered efforts to document common issues both on and off the farm.
- Honed troubleshooting skills to assist the Support and Dev Teams solve DCC and pipeline issues troubling artists.

**Texas A&M University** • 01/2021 - 05/2021

**Technical Director - Unreal Engine**

- Created an animation using Unreal Engine for the 2022 Rotary International Convention.

**Graduate Teaching Assistant**

- Helped students learn PyMEL through help sessions where I assist in their weekly challenges.

**Learning Interactive Visualization Experience (LIVE) Lab** • 10/2020 - 02/2021

**Visual Effects Artist**

- Created a destruction sim and composite for TAMU Health's Disaster Day, the nation's largest student-led interprofessional emergency response simulation.

<br>## EDUCATION

**Masters of Design (Study Abroad) in Procedural Art and Visual Storytelling**
Victoria University of Wellington • 01/2020 - 08/2020
Had the opportunity to learn from the brilliant minds of Weta Digital for my study abroad.

**Master of Visualization (Unfinished) in Arts, Entertainment, and Media Management**
Texas A&M University • 09/2020 - 05/2021
Left early to pursue a career.

**Minor in Computer Science**
Texas A&M University • 01/2016 - 01/2020

**Bachelor of Science - BS in Visualization**
Texas A&M University

<br>## CERTIFICATIONS

**Procedural Modeling for Production in Houdini**
CG Master Academy - Sean McEwan • 10/2021 - 11/2021

**VEX in Houdini**
CG Master Academy - Johannes Richter • 10/2021 - 12/2021

<br>## SKILLS

Houdini, Nuke, Autodesk Shotgun, Thinkbox Deadline, Unreal Engine, Team Management, Unity, Communication, C#, Visual Studio, Python
